=ReliefHub

==Beginning

On January 12, 2010 Haiti was struck by a magnitude 7.0 earthquake. The devastation left an estimated one million homeless, three hundred thousand injured, and over two hundred and thirty thousand dead.  Among the survivors, there are tens of thousands of orphans and abandoned children who need our help.

==Mission

ReliefHub is a 501 (c) 3 nonprofit organization founded to work with orphanages around the world to help them secure the resources required to provide excellent care for orphans and abandoned children.  Initially ReliefHub will focus on Haiti, where an estimated two hundred thousand children are living in orphanages.  

==How it Works

ReliefHub.org is a website that makes it easy for anyone to donate to a specific project at an orphanage that is in need of assistance.   Orphanage Managers can post project requests for materials or services they require at their orphanage.  Project requests can range from new mattresses for beds or art supplies, to clothing for children or even repairing a roof.  Donors can browse project requests and donate any amount to their favorite projects.  Once a project reaches its funding goal, a ReliefHub Project Coordinator ensures that the materials and/or services are delivered to the orphanage.  The ReliefHub.org website will be updated with photos of the project taking place and a cost report showing how each dollar was spent.  This process allows donors to connect directly to orphanage projects they are passionate about, giving them transparency into how their donation money is spent, and provides feedback on the project’s outcome.

The source code here can be modified so other non-profit organizations and fundraisers can use it for their needs.

==Resources

This application was developed with the following:

* Ruby 1.8.7
* Rails 3.0.1
* Postgres 
* Test Framework: Rspec, Cucumber
* Payment Solution: Amazon FPS (Flexible Payment Service) via Devise

Git source code repository:

http://github.com/ReliefHub/reliefhub

Pivotal Tracker:

https://www.pivotaltracker.com/projects/122363
   
Campfire Chat Room:

https://futurefridays.campfirenow.com/7f77a
  
Designs:

http://melissayasko.com/ReliefHub/reliefhub.html

Build Machine:

http://ci.reliefhub.railsmachina.com

==Development Notes

CSS Stylesheets: DO NOT EDIT the .css files directly.  We're using the sass files in /stylesheets/sass.  For sass details see:

http://sass-lang.com

==Contributing

If you'd like to contribute a feature or bugfix: Thanks! Details on how to help coming soon.

==License

ReliefHub is Copyright © 2010 FutureFridays LLC.  It is free software, and may be redistributed under the terms specified in the MIT-LICENSE file.
